0000895728 
 false 
 Z4 
 AB 
 CA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 0000895728 
 
 
 2023-09-05 
 2023-09-05 
 
 
 
 iso4217:USD 
 
 
 xbrli:shares 
 
 
 
 
 iso4217:USD 
 
 
 xbrli:shares 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 

 

 FORM 8-K 

 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 

 

 Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): September 5, 2023 

 

 

 

 ENBRIDGE INC. 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Charter) 

 

 

 
 
 CANADA 
 001-15254 
 98-0377957 
 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction 
 of Incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File Number) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 

 200 , 425 - 1ST STREET S.W. 

 CALGARY , ALBERTA , CANADA T2P 3L8 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
(Zip Code) 

 

 1 ( 403 ) 231-3900 

 (Registrants telephone number,
including area code) 

 

 Not Applicable 

 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report) 

 

 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 

 
 
 Title of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 ENB 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 

 

 

 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 

 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 

 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 

 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 

 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934(240.12b-2of this chapter). 

 

 Emerging
growth company 

 

 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement. 

 

 On September5, 2023, subsidiaries of Enbridge
Inc., a Canadian corporation (Enbridge), entered into three separate purchase and sale agreements with Dominion Energy,Inc.,
a Virginia corporation (Dominion), to acquire all of the outstanding equity interests in (i)Dominion Energy Questar
Corporation, Dominion Energy Gas Distribution, LLC, The East Ohio Gas Company and DEO Alternative Fuel, LLC (collectively, EOG),
(ii) Questar Gas Company (Questar Gas), Wexpro Company, Wexpro II Company, Wexpro Development Co. and Dominion Energy
Wexpro Services Co. (collectively, the Wexpro Companies), and each of Dominion Gas Projects Co., LLC and Questar InfoComm
Inc. (collectively with Questar Gas and the Wexpro Companies, Questar), and (iii)Public Service Company of North Carolina,Incorporated
(PSNC). The acquisitions are not cross-conditioned on one another. The material terms of each of the agreements are summarized
below. 

 

 EOG Purchase and Sale Agreement 

 

 On September5, 2023, a wholly owned subsidiary
of Enbridge (EOG Buyer) entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the EOG Purchase Agreement) with Dominion
to acquire all of the outstanding equity interests in EOG for approximately US$6.6 billion, consisting of cash consideration of approximately
US$4.3 billion and assumed debt of approximately US$2.3 billion, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Enbridge has agreed
to guarantee the obligations of EOG Buyer under the EOG Purchase Agreement. 

 

 EOG Buyers acquisition of EOG (the EOG
Acquisition) is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including (i)the absence of any governmental order prohibiting
the consummation of the EOG Acquisition, (ii)the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976 (the HSR Act), (iii)Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approval of the change of control
of FCC licenses, (iv)clearance by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) and (v)a
notice to the Public Utility Commission of Ohio. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the foregoing conditions and the other terms
and conditions of the EOG Purchase Agreement, the EOG Acquisition is expected to close in 2024. 

 

 The EOG Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants of EOG Buyer and Dominion, including covenants by Dominion to conduct the business of EOG in
the ordinary course during the interim period between the execution of the EOG Purchase Agreement and the consummation of the EOG Acquisition. 

 

 The EOG Purchase Agreement contains customary
termination rights, including if the closing of the EOG Acquisition has not occurred by September5, 2024, subject to an extension
by either party to December4, 2024 if the required regulatory approvals have not yet been obtained. If the EOG Purchase Agreement
is terminated under certain circumstances relating to failure to obtain required regulatory approvals, Enbridge may be required to pay
Dominion a termination fee of approximately US$154.8 million. 

 

 At the closing of the EOG Acquisition, Dominion
and EOG will enter into a transition services agreement, pursuant to which Dominion will provide certain transition services to EOG, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

 

 A copy of the EOG Purchase Agreement will be filed
as an exhibit to Enbridges Quarterly Report on Form10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending September30, 2023. 

 

 Questar Purchase and Sale Agreement 

 

 On September5, 2023, a wholly owned subsidiary
of Enbridge (Questar Buyer) entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the Questar Purchase Agreement) with
Dominion to acquire all of the outstanding equity interests in Questar for approximately US$4.3 billion, consisting of cash consideration
of approximately US$3.0 billion and assumed debt of approximately US$1.3 billion, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Enbridge
has agreed to guarantee the obligations of Questar Buyer under the Questar Purchase Agreement. 

 

 Questar Buyers acquisition of Questar (the
Questar Acquisition) is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including (i)the absence of any governmental
order prohibiting the consummation of the Questar Acquisition, (ii)the expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act, (iii)FCC
approval of the change of control of FCC licenses, (iv)clearance by CFIUS and (v)the approval of the Utah Public Services
Commission and the Wyoming Public Services Commission (and notice to the Idaho Public Utilities Commission). Subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the foregoing conditions and the other terms and conditions of the Questar Purchase Agreement, the Questar Acquisition is
expected to close in 2024. 

 

 The Questar Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants of Questar Buyer and Dominion, including covenants by Dominion to conduct the business of Questar
in the ordinary course during the interim period between the execution of the Questar Purchase Agreement and the consummation of the Questar
Acquisition. 

 

 The Questar Purchase Agreement contains customary
termination rights, including if the closing of the Questar Acquisition has not occurred by September5, 2024, subject to an extension
by either party to December4, 2024 if the required regulatory approvals have not yet been obtained. If the Questar Purchase Agreement
is terminated under certain circumstances relating to failure to obtain required regulatory approvals, Enbridge may be required to pay
Dominion a termination fee of approximately US$106.9 million. 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 At the closing of the Questar Acquisition, Dominion
and Questar will enter into a transition services agreement, pursuant to which Dominion will provide certain transition services to Questar,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

 

 A copy of the Questar Purchase Agreement will
be filed as an exhibit to Enbridges Quarterly Report on Form10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending September30, 2023. 

 

 PSNC Purchase and Sale Agreement 

 

 On September5, 2023, a wholly owned subsidiary
of Enbridge (PSNC Buyer) entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the PSNC Purchase Agreement) with Dominion
to acquire all of the outstanding equity interests in PSNC for approximately US$3.1 billion, consisting of cash consideration of approximately
US$2.2 billion and assumed debt of approximately US$1.0 billion, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Enbridge has agreed
to guarantee the obligations of PSNC Buyer under the PSNC Purchase Agreement. 

 

 PSNC Buyers acquisition of PSNC (the PSNC
Acquisition) is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including (i)the absence of any governmental order prohibiting
the consummation of the PSNC Acquisition, (ii)the expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act, (iii)FCC approval of
the change of control of FCC licenses, (iv)clearance by CFIUS and (v)the approval of the North Carolina Utilities Commission.
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the foregoing conditions and the other terms and conditions of the PSNC Purchase Agreement, the
PSNC Acquisition is expected to close in 2024. 

 

 The PSNC Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants of PSNC Buyer and Dominion, including covenants by Dominion to conduct the business of PNSC
in the ordinary course during the interim period between the execution of the PSNC Purchase Agreement and the consummation of the PSNC
Acquisition. 

 

 The PSNC Purchase Agreement contains customary
termination rights, including if the closing of the PSNC Acquisition has not occurred by September5, 2024, subject to an extension
by either party to December4, 2024 if the required regulatory approvals have not yet been obtained. If the PSNC Purchase Agreement
is terminated under certain circumstances relating to failure to obtain required regulatory approvals, Enbridge may be required to pay
Dominion a termination fee of approximately US$78.3 million. 

 

 At the closing of the PSNC Acquisition, Dominion
and PSNC will enter into a transition services agreement, pursuant to which Dominion will provide certain transition services to PSNC,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

 

 A copy of the PSNC Purchase Agreement will be
filed as an exhibit to Enbridges Quarterly Report on Form10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending September30, 2023. 

 

 Bridge Facility Commitment Letter 

 

 On
September5, 2023, Enbridge, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding,Inc. and Royal Bank of Canada (together, the Commitment Parties)
entered into a financing commitment letter (the Commitment Letter) for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge facility (the Bridge
Facility) in an aggregate initial principal amount of US$9.4 billion, which may be borrowed as three separate loans on each applicable
closing date for each of the EOG Acquisition, the Questar Acquisition and the PSNC Acquisition (together, the Acquisitions).
The commitments under the Bridge Facility will be reduced by the net proceeds received by Enbridge from the Offering (as defined under
Item 7.01) and are expected to be further reduced by the net proceeds received from other sources, including, but not limited to, issuances
of hybrid notes and/or senior unsecured notes, asset sales, the potential reinstatement of our dividend reinvestment and share purchase
plan and/or at-the-market offerings of Enbridge common shares, prior to the expected closings of the Acquisitions. However, these sources
are subject to change, based on market conditions and other factors. Enbridge expects to reduce the commitments under the Bridge Facility
to zero from these other sources before any funding under the Bridge Facility would be required; however, to the extent Enbridge does
not finance any part of the purchase price through the other means described above, Enbridge may borrow under the Bridge Facility. 

 

 The commitments under the Commitment Letter are
subject to customary conditions, including the execution and delivery of definitive documentation with respect to the Bridge Facility
in accordance with the terms set forth in the Commitment Letter. 

 

 If Enbridge draws on the Bridge Facility to fund
any part of the cash portion of the aggregate purchase price for the Acquisitions, Enbridge will seek to repay the Bridge Facility following
completion of the Acquisitions with various sources, including the permanent financing solutions mentioned above. 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

 

 On September5, 2023, Enbridge issued press
releases announcing (1)the Acquisitions described in Item 1.01 above and (2)a bought-deal offering of Enbridge
common shares (the Offering). Copies of the press releases are attached hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 and are incorporated
herein by reference. 

 

 In connection with the bought-deal
equity offering, Enbridge is making investor presentations to certain existing and potential investors. The investor presentation is attached
hereto as Exhibit99.3. 

 

 The information contained under this Item 7.01
in this Current Report on Form8-K, including Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed
for purposes of Section18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities
under that Sectionand shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Enbridge under the Securities Act of
1933 or the Exchange Act. 

 

 This Current Report on Form8-K does not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale
of any security in any jurisdiction in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. 

 

 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

 

 (d)Exhibits 

 

 
 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 99.1 
 
 News Release dated September5, 2023 regarding the Acquisitions* 
 
 
 
 
 
 99.2 
 
 News Release dated September5, 2023 regarding the bought-deal offering* 
 
 
 
 
 
 99.3 
 
 Investor Presentation* 
 
 
 
 
 
 104 
 
 Cover PageInteractive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 

 * Furnished herewith. 

 

 Forward-Looking Information 

 

 This communication contains both historical and
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section21E
of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and forward-looking information within the meaning of Canadian securities laws
(collectively, forward-looking statements). Forward-looking statements have been included to provide potential investors
with information about Enbridge. This information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Forward-looking statements are typically
identified by words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, forecast,
intend, likely, plan, project, target and similar words suggesting
future outcomes or statements regarding an outlook. Forward-looking statements included in this Current Report on Form8-K, including
the exhibits hereto, include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the following: anticipated benefits of the Acquisitions,
timing of closing of the Acquisitions, management expectations, strategic objectives, strategic opportunities, growth opportunities, business
prospects, regulatory proceedings and other similar matters. 

 

 Although Enbridge believes these forward-looking
statements are reasonable based on the information available on the date such statements are made and processes used to prepare the information,
such statements are not guarantees of future events and readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
By their nature, these statements involve a variety of assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, which
may cause actual events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Enbridge cautions readers not to place
undue reliance on these statements, as a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations
expressed in such forward-looking statements. 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 Enbridges forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to the possibility that the Acquisitions do not close when expected, or
at all, because required regulatory approvals and other conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis; that the
anticipated benefits of the Acquisitions are not realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; general business and
economic conditions in Canada and the U.S.; the impact of the movement of the Canadian dollar relative to other currencies, particularly
the U.S. dollar; the effects of competition in the markets in which Enbridge operates; the impact of changes in the laws and regulations
regulating the oil and gas or natural gas utilities industries or affecting domestic and foreign operations; judicial or regulatory judgments
and legal proceedings; reputational risks; the outcome of various litigation and proceedings in which Enbridge is involved and the adequacy
of reserves maintained therefor; other factors that may affect future results of Enbridge, including changes in trade policies, timely
development and introduction of new products and services, changes in tax laws, technological and regulatory changes, and adverse developments
in general market, business, economic, labor, regulatory and political conditions; and those other risks and uncertainties disclosed in
Enbridges other filings with Canadian and United States securities regulators. The impact of any one risk, uncertainty or factor
on a particular forward-looking statement is not determinable with certainty as these are interdependent and Enbridges future course
of action depends on managements assessment of all information available at the relevant time. Except to the extent required by
applicable law, Enbridge assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this Current Report
on Form8-K or the exhibits hereto or otherwise, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent
forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, attributable to Enbridge or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified
in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 

 

 Enbridge cautions that the foregoing list of important
factors is not exhaustive and other factors could also adversely affect the closing of the financial sources, the use of proceeds of the
financial sources, the Acquisitions and the future results of Enbridge. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this
Current Report on Form8-K,. When relying on Enbridges forward-looking statements to make decisions with respect to Enbridge,
investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and potential events. 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 SIGNATURES 

 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

 

 
 
 
 ENBRIDGE INC. (Registrant) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: September5, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Karen K.L. Uehara 
 
 
 
 Karen K.L. Uehara 
Vice President, Corporate& Corporate Secretary (Duly Authorized Officer)