EX-99.1
 2
 tm2525251d1_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 Exhibit 99.1 

 

 

 

 2375 Waterview Drive 

 Northbrook, IL 60062 

 www.cfindustries.com 

 

 For additional information: 

 

 
 
 Media 
 Investors 
 
 Chris Close 
 Darla Rivera 
 
 Senior Director, Corporate Communications 
 Director, Investor Relations 
 
 847-405-2542 &ndash; cclose@cfindustries.com 
 847-405-2045 &ndash; darla.rivera@cfindustries.com 
 
 

 CF Industries&rsquo; W. Anthony Will to Retire
as President and Chief Executive Officer January 4, 2026; Christopher D. Bohn Elected Successor 

 

 NORTHBROOK, Ill. &ndash; September 8, 2025 &ndash; CF
Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CF), a leading manufacturer of hydrogen and nitrogen products, today announced that W. Anthony
Will has informed the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors of his intention to retire as president and chief executive officer,
effective January 4, 2026. Christopher D. Bohn, currently executive vice president and chief operating officer of CF
Industries, has been elected to succeed Mr. Will as president and chief executive officer. 

 

 Mr. Will will act in an advisory capacity to CF Industries through
March 15, 2026. He will serve out his remaining term on the Board of Directors; however, he will not stand for re-election at the
Company&rsquo;s 2026 Annual Meeting. 

 

 &ldquo;On behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to thank Tony
for his outstanding leadership, his commitment to CF Industries&rsquo; employees, shareholders and communities, and his tremendous success
guiding the Company through a period of evolution and growth. He has been instrumental in shaping the Company&rsquo;s strategic direction and
high-performance culture,&rdquo; said Stephen J. Hagge, chair, Board of Directors, CF Industries Holdings, Inc. &ldquo;We are deeply
grateful for his many years of contributions and wish him the best in retirement.&rdquo; 

 

 &ldquo;We are pleased to have elected Chris as CF Industries&rsquo;
next president and chief executive officer, which is the result of the Board&rsquo;s thorough and disciplined succession process. The
Board believes his proven leadership, deep expertise, and strategic vision will serve CF Industries and our shareholders well in the years
ahead,&rdquo; added Mr. Hagge. 

 

 Mr. Will joined CF Industries in 2007 and has served as president
and chief executive officer as well as a member of the Board of Directors since 2014. During his 12-year tenure as president and chief
executive officer, the Company has delivered industry-leading total shareholder return underpinned by world-class safety and operational
excellence, disciplined growth, and a commitment to reward long-term shareholders. 

 

 &ldquo;It has been my honor and privilege to lead this great Company,
and I am tremendously proud of what the CF Industries team has accomplished over that time,&rdquo; said Mr. Will. &ldquo;I am excited
to see what the Company achieves in the future with Chris as CEO. I have worked side-by-side with him for 16 years, and believe his strong
leadership, knowledge of the Company and our industry, and keen strategic vision will lead CF Industries to continued success.&rdquo; 

 

 Mr. Bohn is a 16-year veteran with CF Industries and has had responsibility
for many of the functions of the Company during that time. Among recent strategic initiatives, he was instrumental in the formation of
the Blue Point joint venture that was announced in 2025, the acquisition of the Waggaman, Louisiana, ammonia production facility, and
the development of the Company&rsquo;s expanded strategic focus on low- carbon ammonia. 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 In February 2024, Mr. Bohn was appointed as executive vice
president and chief operating officer with responsibility for the Company&rsquo;s global manufacturing, distribution, sales, supply chain,
and clean energy solutions organizations. He was also elected to the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors in February 2024. During
his time at CF Industries, Mr. Bohn has held roles of increasing responsibility including executive vice president and chief financial
officer; senior vice president, manufacturing and distribution; senior vice president, supply chain; and vice president, corporate planning. 

 

 &ldquo;I am honored to succeed Tony as CF Industries&rsquo; next president
and chief executive officer,&rdquo; said Mr. Bohn. &ldquo;I believe the future of CF Industries is bright and look forward to working
with our outstanding Board and management team to build on our success, fulfill our mission to provide clean energy to feed and fuel the
world sustainably, and continue to create value for long-term shareholders.&rdquo; 

 

 About CF Industries Holdings, Inc. 

 

 At CF Industries, our mission is to provide clean energy to feed and
fuel the world sustainably. With our employees focused on safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship, and disciplined capital
and corporate management, we are on a path to decarbonize our ammonia production network &ndash; the world&rsquo;s largest &ndash; to
enable low-carbon hydrogen and nitrogen products for energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement and other industrial activities. Our manufacturing
complexes in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, an unparalleled storage, transportation and distribution network in North
America, and logistics capabilities enabling a global reach underpin our strategy to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the
world&rsquo;s transition to clean energy. CF Industries routinely posts investor announcements and additional information on the Company&rsquo;s
website at www.cfindustries.com and encourages those interested in the Company to check there frequently. 

 

 ###